VI Polices and Terms

1. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY COMPLAINTS
Amazon respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your intellectual property rights are being infringed, please follow our Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement.

2. RISK OF LOSS
All purchases of physical items from Amazon are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.

3. RETURNS, REFUNDS AND TITLE
Amazon does not take title to returned items until the item arrives at our fulfillment center. At our discretion, a refund may be issued without requiring a return. In this situation, Amazon does not take title to the refunded item. For more information about our returns and refunds, please see our Returns Center .

4. PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS
Amazon attempts to be as accurate as possible. However, Amazon does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of any Amazon Service is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by Amazon itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.

5. PRICING
"List Price" means the suggested retail price of a product as provided by a manufacturer, supplier, or seller. We regularly check List Prices against prices recently found on Amazon and other retailers. Certain products may have a "Was Price" displayed, which is determined using recent price history of the product on Amazon.
With respect to items sold by Amazon, we cannot confirm the price of an item until you order. Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in our catalog may be mispriced. If the correct price of an item sold by Amazon is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. Other merchants may follow different policies in the event of a mispriced item.
We generally do not charge your credit card until after your order has entered the shipping process or, for digital products, until we make the digital product available to you.
