Your content
Some of our services give you the opportunity to make your content publicly available  for example, you might post a product or restaurant review that you wrote, or you might upload a blog post that you created.
See the Permission to use your content section for more about your rights in your content, and how your content is used in our services
See the Removing your content section to learn why and how we might remove user-generated content from our services
If you think that someone is infringing your intellectual property rights, you can send us notice of the infringement and well take appropriate action. For example, we suspend or close the Google Accounts of repeat copyright infringers as described in our Copyright Help Centre.Google content
Some of our services include content that belongs to Google  for example, many of the visual illustrations that you see in Google Maps. You may use Googles content as allowed by these terms and any service-specific additional terms, but we retain any intellectual property rights that we have in our content. Dont remove, obscure or alter any of our branding, logos or legal notices. If you want to use our branding or logos, please see the Google Brand Permissions page.

Other content
Finally, some of our services gives you access to content that belongs to other people or organisations  for example, a store owners description of their own business, or a newspaper article displayed in Google News. You may not use this content without that person or organisations permission, or as otherwise allowed by law. The views expressed in the content of other people or organisations are their own, and dont necessarily reflect Googles views.Settling disputes, governing law and courts

For information about how to contact Google, please visit our contact page.

Californian law will govern all disputes arising out of or relating to these terms, service-specific additional terms or any related services, regardless of conflict of laws rules. These disputes will be resolved exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and Google consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts.

To the extent that applicable local law prevents certain disputes from being resolved in a California court, then you can file those disputes in your local courts. Likewise, if applicable local law prevents your local court from applying California law to resolve these disputes, then these disputes will be governed by the applicable local laws of your country, region or other place of residence.Introduction
Thank you for using the YouTube platform and the products, services and features we make available to you as part of the platform (collectively, the Service).  

Our Service
The Service allows you to discover, watch and share videos and other content, provides a forum for people to connect, inform, and inspire others across the globe, and acts as a distribution platform for original content creators and advertisers large and small. We provide lots of information about our products and how to use them in our Help Center. Among other things, you can find out about YouTube Kids, the YouTube Partner Program and YouTube Paid Memberships and Purchases (where available).You can also read all about enjoying content on other devices like your television, your games console, or Google Home.

Your Service Provider
The entity providing the Service is Google LLC, a company operating under the laws of Delaware, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 (referred to as YouTube, we, us, or our). References to YouTubes Affiliates in these terms means the other companies within the Alphabet Inc. corporate group (now or in the future).
